# -AMA-
Today we held an AMA event in @CryptoHuntersIDForum , we shared one of the questions and the answer.   Question: 4. Tg: @Aleur***  In which countries are your agricultural areas located? Are you planning to expand to other markets? How can product diversity make SOWToken growth?    Answer: In our first phase, the initial investment and activity will begin in Argentina due to the good prices of the current market in rural properties.  There are many more great plans, we are creating a tool provided by SOW for small food producers around the world, we are going to launch an extension on the web for the application for registration and support, in this way we could grow as benchmarks in the sector and provide support and liquidity. It would imply the use of SOW for that assistance. We would be like the erc20 of food based on the SOW chain.  Users will have a registration form explaining the project and the objectives, once approved a fee is charged through the purchase of SOW and this would promote the projects in our system with an investment access link to each project by separated. After raising the necessary for these sub projects, SOW would be left with a percentage of what was obtained and would give support, start-up and supervision of such project.  The concept is very broad and complex.  The smaller the project, the better. that would guarantee 100% completion and profit margins would be higher. once the project is running SOW would own a percentage of that project We will support, for example, small hydroponic farms for vegetables, quail farms for the sale of eggs and the like, low cost companies that do not require large areas and are profitable.
